where is everyone going what's all the
excitement
what's happening hold it that book of
course sex in the single girl that
titillating bestseller by Helen Gurley
Brown and the inspiration for a
hilarious new motion picture Minchin sex
and the single girl will blush a lot
hello she wrecks every single guy with
white she's gone
to participate in the fun and games
there's Tony Curtis Natalie Wood
Henry Fonda or in the call Mel Ferrer
Fran Jeffries and other enthusiastic
volunteers we take you now to the
analysts couch in the office of dr.
Helen Gurley Brown Oh doctor are you
really so bashful with her I'm even
bashful with you well there's no need to
be see we're holding hands and nothing
is happening something is happening this
picture is not a documentary on love but
it does have realized scientific
experiments it like this you make a many
statistical studies don't you dauntless
oh yes yes I do
oh yes kissing the ear is very helpful -
oh yes I made up my mind very early that
I was going to learn all I could about
love and marriage before I made my
mistakes now switch over to the other
ear by this time in most cases that
other ear will just be begging for
attention you're trying to tell me that
Frank has two wives no wonder I don't
have any clothes mansion sex
and the single girl will slap your face
that reflex is designed to keep you in
your place
she believes that virtue pays matil she
is that magic phrase and suddenly she's
not
Oh